This is my web portfolio. It is based on my final project I did for my UX design class and features a color pallete of blues and greens, a simplistic feel and white text. I chose the white text becuase I personally am drawn to it on websites. Although it is worse for contrast then black text usually, in my case it seemed to be fine. I did howerver need to change a couple of the colors to make the contrast work. I'm happy to say it has no contrast errors after these fixes. The header is a simple black banner with just my logo on the web version, but it also features my slogan "Where your ideas come to be created." on both the tablet and the web version. I have a simple, yet effective, navigation bar that also serves as a divider from my header to my body. The content of my site is simple yet effective. It tells some basic information on services I offer, a bit about me and a place to contact me. The footer features working social media links that would be connected to my buisness socials if it were in use. I used bootstrap for a couple things, the most notable being the grid on the main page. This grid is responsive and turns into a row of images in the smaller media querys. Finally the form is a working form where the user can type in it, it just does not have a destination. Overall I chose to keep this site clean and minimlistic, and I'm very happy with how it turned out. The only content on the site I used that was not created by me was the social media icons in the footer. I chose black and white varients as it matched the feel of the site better. All other photos and graphics were created by me. I linked the jQuery's slim build from the bootstrap website. Thank you for a great semester, I truly feel like I leanred lots and my coding improved signifigatly! 